CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, before:

# Git Code of Conduct

This code of conduct outlines our expectations for participants within
the Git community, as well as steps for reporting unacceptable behavior.
We are committed to providing a welcoming and inspiring community for
all and expect our code of conduct to be honored. Anyone who violates
this code of conduct may be banned from the community.

## Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age,
body size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and
expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status,
nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and
orientation.

## Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
  advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic
  address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable
behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all project spaces, and it also applies
when an individual is representing the project or its community in public
spaces. Examples of representing a project or community include using an
official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account,
or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.
Representation of a project may be further defined and clarified by project
maintainers.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by contacting the project team at git@sfconservancy.org. All
complaints will be reviewed and investigated and will result in a response
that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the circumstances. The project
team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with regard to the reporter of
an incident. Further details of specific enforcement policies may be posted
separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good
faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other
members of the project's leadership.

The project leadership team can be contacted by email as a whole at
git@sfconservancy.org, or individually:

  - Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason <avarab@gmail.com>
  - Christian Couder <christian.couder@gmail.com>
  - Jeff King <peff@peff.net>
  - Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage],
version 1.4, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct.html

[homepage]: https://www.contributor-covenant.org

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see
https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq

Commit message:

Modify the Code of Conduct for Git for Windows
The Git project followed suite and added their Code of Conduct, based on
the Contributors' Covenant v1.4.

We edit it slightly to reflect Git for Windows' particulars.

Signed-off-by: Johannes Schindelin <johannes.schindelin@gmx.de>

CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md, after:

# Git for Windows Code of Conduct

This code of conduct outlines our expectations for participants within
the **Git for Windows** community, as well as steps for reporting unacceptable
behavior. We are committed to providing a welcoming and inspiring community
for all and expect our code of conduct to be honored. Anyone who violates
this code of conduct may be banned from the community.

## Our Pledge

In the interest of fostering an open and welcoming environment, we as
contributors and maintainers pledge to make participation in our project and
our community a harassment-free experience for everyone, regardless of age,
body size, disability, ethnicity, sex characteristics, gender identity and
expression, level of experience, education, socio-economic status,
nationality, personal appearance, race, religion, or sexual identity and
orientation.

## Our Standards

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment
include:

* Using welcoming and inclusive language
* Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences
* Gracefully accepting constructive criticism
* Focusing on what is best for the community
* Showing empathy towards other community members

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

* The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or
  advances
* Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
* Public or private harassment
* Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic
  address, without explicit permission
* Other conduct which could reasonably be considered inappropriate in a
  professional setting

## Our Responsibilities

Project maintainers are responsible for clarifying the standards of acceptable
behavior and are expected to take appropriate and fair corrective action in
response to any instances of unacceptable behavior.

Project maintainers have the right and responsibility to remove, edit, or
reject comments, commits, code, wiki edits, issues, and other contributions
that are not aligned to this Code of Conduct, or to ban temporarily or
permanently any contributor for other behaviors that they deem inappropriate,
threatening, offensive, or harmful.

## Scope

This Code of Conduct applies within all project spaces, and it also applies
when an individual is representing the project or its community in public
spaces. Examples of representing a project or community include using an
official project e-mail address, posting via an official social media account,
or acting as an appointed representative at an online or offline event.
Representation of a project may be further defined and clarified by project
maintainers.

## Enforcement

Instances of abusive, harassing, or otherwise unacceptable behavior may be
reported by contacting the Git for Windows maintainer or Git's project team
at git@sfconservancy.org. All complaints will be reviewed and investigated
and will result in a response that is deemed necessary and appropriate to the
circumstances. The project team is obligated to maintain confidentiality with
regard to the reporter of an incident. Further details of specific
enforcement policies may be posted separately.

Project maintainers who do not follow or enforce the Code of Conduct in good
faith may face temporary or permanent repercussions as determined by other
members of the project's leadership.

The Git for Windows maintainer can be contacted at johannes.schindelin@gmx.de,
and the Git project leadership team can be contacted by email as a whole at
git@sfconservancy.org, or individually:

  - Ævar Arnfjörð Bjarmason <avarab@gmail.com>
  - Christian Couder <christian.couder@gmail.com>
  - Jeff King <peff@peff.net>
  - Junio C Hamano <gitster@pobox.com>

## Attribution

This Code of Conduct is adapted from the [Contributor Covenant][homepage],
version 1.4, available at https://www.contributor-covenant.org/version/1/4/code-of-conduct.html

[homepage]: https://www.contributor-covenant.org

For answers to common questions about this code of conduct, see
https://www.contributor-covenant.org/faq
